Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
NETFLIX PRESENTS
BASED ON TRUE STORIES
AND INSPIRED BY REAL EVENTS.
THE FICTIONAL CHARACTERS PORTRAYED
ARE NOT BASED ON REAL PEOPLE.
I don't wanna do the right thing
Ain't got time for that shit
You won't hear me whining
Before I die. I want heaven
A hundred percent
A hundred percent. by the way
Before I die
I'll fuck you
until there's no line between us
Before I die
I want to risk my life
until it's lost all value
Before I die
I'll beat him and whoever's next.
I'm not afraid of pain
I got it all going on.
for a long time. asshole
I'll hang in there till the K.O.
I don't wanna do the right thing
Ain't got time for that shit
You won't hear me whining
Before I die. I want heaven
A hundred percent
A hundred percent. by the way
Before I die
Before dying
FOUR YEARS EARLIER
Great job. Angelito. Perfect. keep it up.
Whoa. check it out.
Damn. I'd eat that up.
Check her out. There. See her?
Who? With the ass?
No.
the one with Estrella.
the other one.
Damn…
On Saturday I banged her
in the bathroom at Space.
-Oh. yeah?
-You know it. bro.
What are you saying?
I didn't see nothing. bro.
No? And that wasn't you
knocking on the door. asshole?
Yeah. 'cause I needed to piss. man.
Guys. they're laughing
their asses off at us.
-Say hi or something.
-No way. Forget it.
The other one's hot. right?
-Which one?
-Estrella. man.
Shit. Forget about her. man.
She's with Poli.
Isn't that dude in the joint?
No. he only spent four days inside.
And the night he got out
he robbed a store.
He must be doin' her
every which way. right?
Gettin' his pipes cleaned.
With that mouth. she'd grab your cock
and suck you dry. man--
Will you guys shut the fuck up?
Look at Angelito getting all pissed off.
What's up. Angelito?
Estrellita get you hot?
-Fuck off.
-Where you goin'?
Dude. we're just talkin'.
Don't get mad. man.
Hey. one thing.
Next time. say it to my face. OK?
Sound good to you?
What about you guys?
That's what I like. Nice and quiet.
What's up. Gramps?
What is it?
Bugs on the plants already?
Don't talk to me about bugs.
I'm sick to death of them.
Now. this will fuck them up.
Well. don't overdo it. OK?
Then you won't be able to eat it.
And Chico? How does he look?
Chico's an asshole because of Gitano.
He doesn't know a damn thing about dogs.
Neither do you.
What's up. Chico?
What's up. you fuck?
Did you miss me or what. motherfucker?
What's up. kid?
What's up. Gitano?
What are you up to?
Here. with this guy.
-Looking good. right?
-Looking good.
-Motherfucker's fatter.
-What are you talking about?
I got his food under control. man.
You know you gotta keep an eye on him.
He'll eat anything he can find.
Don't give him any of the shit
my grandad gives you.
I'd never give him
anything from your grandad.
It'll be more radioactive
than Chernobyl. man.
He puts any old shit on that garden.
It's better than him
sitting around at home all day. Seriously.
So. should we take him out or what?
Do you see him?
No. no fucking idea where he is.
Where is that dog? He always does this.
-What if he's headed for the road?
-No way!
He'll be back.
Chico!
-Chico. come here!
-Unbelievable.
-Chico!
-Come here. Chico.
Come. on Chico. Treat!
-What's up. Chico?
-Take the treat.
Come here.
Get over here.
You motherfucker. Good boy!
What did you get into. you nasty dog?
You bastard.
What was I saying?
From up there we must look--
Like ants.
Right? Know what I'm saying. man?
But just in case they can see us.
"All of you can go fuck yourselves.
You assholes. living high on the hog."
C'mon. let's go.
-Chico. where you going?
-What a dick.
Want a drink?
Give me a rum and Coke.
Hey. can I ask you a favor?
Sure.
Could you tell your boys they're assholes?
I already do. every day.
Right. but I'm fucking sick
of hearing the rumors
that they're fucking my friend.
So if they want to brag.
they can brag about their zits.
By zits you mean Manuel. don't you?
That guy there.
He's always been so self-conscious about
his acne even though it's better now.
Better?
You should see him
when he really breaks out.
You can't make out his nose.
Fucker looks like a potato.
-Yeah? Seriously?
-I swear.
What a fucking riot. am I right?
He was talking about a friend of his.
Sure. We know each other. right?
I don't think so.
You sure?
Your face rings a bell.
From the gym.
Shit. that's right.
Why don't you come by the gym
tomorrow and we can have a nice chat?
What do you want to talk about?
How about we talk about
how hot Estrella is?
Chill. Don't get all macho on me.
What? Isn't it true?
It's true. I'm smokin'.
But I say it and you shut up.
All right then. chill out.
What's your name. man?
Ángel.
Angelito.
Is she hot or not?
Will you stop being a dick?
Relax.
-I'm very relaxed.
-I'm just asking the kid a question.
Is she hot or not?
Yeah.
She's hot.
Real hot.
Fuck you both. you two tough guys!
Go on. bust your heads open!
Good. Angelito. Very good.
Tomorrow afternoon.
I'll see you at the gym!
Be there. Don't be a pussy!
Why the fuck are we here?
You gonna tell me?
Did I ask you to come?
What the hell did you want me to do?
Let you go alone and get your ass kicked?
Well. it doesn't seem
to bother these guys.
'Cause they're fuckheads.
I'm your boy. I don't want them
to bust your face open. bro.
That's my problem.
You really think Estrellita's gonna come
put salve on your busted face?
God damn it.
That motherfucker didn't show.
So. he's not here.
We held up our end. right?
We?
You're gettin' a little cocky. aren't you?
Fuck off. man.
Angelito. come on. Get in.
No?
Got anything better to do
besides jerking off your boy?
No. Ángel. Don't.
Check it out. Pintas. That's a nice ride.
The four-by-four. OK.
Got the car-hacker?
Of course. man.
You fucking got me good yesterday.
I wasn't expecting it.
What's this?
What do you think?
If you want to get out.
tell me now.
Don't dick me around later.
We'll have three minutes
before the cops come.
We have to haul ass. got it?
Got it.
Fuck yeah.
Angelito. with me.
Go!
Come on. go. Move it!
Come on. last one! Let's go. guys!
Fuck.
Hurry! Someone's coming!
Come on. let's go!
Bags in the trunk! Move it!
Fuck it!
The car!
We gotta get on the freeway!
Turn right! Go!
Why the hell aren't they following us?
They'll be at the other end!
-What are you doing?
-Let's go!
Go right!
Move it!
Come on!
Have fun at the wedding. OK?
We'll have a good time.
STUDIO G SALON
I'm going. girls.
Encarni. pay Saray. OK?
OK. Have a good one.
See you tomorrow. girls.
CUEMA'S PAINT AND BODY SHOP
What the fuck's your deal?
What?
-You gonna tell me?
-Tell you what?
You're fuckin' gettin' some from Estrella.
What the fuck? Are you stupid?
Sure. I'm stupid. But why the hell's
that chick hanging around the garage?
I thought you patched things up with Poli.
You're gonna get
my uncle's garage torched.
Shut up.
No way. girl.
I don't know.
I don't know. babe. Ask her.
I don't know. Tell her to go get you.
Alright. I'll call you later. Yeah.
See you later.
What's up?
Hey.
Don't you have a cleaner jumpsuit?
They're his.
How'd you know I was here?
People. man. They gossip.
How'd you know about the salon?
Same way.
I bet Nando's telling
half the neighborhood about this.
Not that much to tell.
That's what I'm saying.
It's all pretty clear. right?
Why's that? Because I got in his car?
-For starters.
-Well… I'm here now.
Yeah. you're here now.
-I have no fucking clue what your deal is.
-No? What about you?
First you two fight. right?
Like cocks. real macho.
And two minutes later.
you hit some store all buddy-buddy.
-Shit happens.
-Sure.
So why'd you post up
outside the salon. looking all dopey?
Dopey?
Do I look like dopey to you?
Are you gonna play with
the doll or the ball?
You gotta choose. as they say.
Right.
What if I need the ball.
so the doll will play with me?
Oh. my God!
Right. give me a dopey face.
Great. perfect.
Be real careful.
Always.
Why don't you get my number
from one of your boys.
and I'll send you the photo?
Just sayin'.
What a bitch.
The hard times are fucking over. Angelito.
This is gonna be a huge score.
How's it goin'. Ángel?
You know you fucked up big time. right?
Robbery. attempting to flee.
resisting arrest…
-I didn't resist.
-No?
Ramming two squad cars is no big deal?
I didn't ram anyone.
You didn't?
Why are your friends saying
the opposite. then?
You haven't learned how this works yet?
They find some sucker like you to step in.
And if things go south.
tough shit for the new guy.
He even got himself on camera
with the stolen car. before the heist.
What do you want?
For you to use your damn head.
Now make a proper statement.
Include the other guys' names
and explain that they put you up to this.
Alright?
I see here you don't have parents. right?
You live with your grandad.
Well. the judge is sure to
take that into consideration.
I'm not saying
you'll get off scot-free. but…
it could be pretty good for you.
You think this is funny?
What's so funny?
You've only got me.
You don't have shit.
Twenty arrests.
two jail sentences.
3 robberies pending trial.
I don't need footage of him.
I've seen him so often.
I know it was him
just by the way he walks.
You want to be like him?
If so. you're on the right track.
And you keep your mouth shut
like an asshole. good going.
Got a cigarette?
Hey. Cosme.
Beat it. You're a pain in the ass.
Beat it. You're always
after the new guys. man.
Go to your side.
Was he asking for money?
Ignore him. he's looney-tunes.
Well. like half the guys in here.
Loneliness is a bummer. man.
I'm Motor.
Well. my real name's Matias.
but my boys say
I'm always taking people for a ride.
But it's more like I can explain things
and they can't. What about you?
Ángel.
Don't you know Poli?
Relax. bro. I know him. too.
We've worked together.
So?
He wants to get you out of here.
Look. what you gotta do now…
You got a lawyer?
Public defender.
You might as well not have one.
Call your lawyer.
Tell him to fuck off.
And once you've done that.
call this number.
Her name's Mercedes. She's legit.
She's always worked with us.
OK? Trust me.
-See you. bro.
-Thanks.
Hello. Ángel.
I'm Mercedes. Nice to meet you.
How are you doing?
Hanging in there.
Well. we had some bad luck
with the gas station camera.
Bad luck. sure.
A coincidence that
it only recorded me. right?
What do you mean?
Maybe one of those fucks wanted
to get someone's fucking mug
at the gas station.
I don't know. Maybe.
And maybe someone should've thought twice
before playing with the big boys.
Don't you think?
Ángel. I've seen
all the gas station footage.
You might as well have waved
right at the camera.
OK?
So. I don't know what the police told you
or what you told them…
I didn't tell them anything.
Perfect. Great.
You don't have to talk to anyone. OK?
The main thing is
the footage links you to vehicle theft.
But since you were never
inside the jeweler's.
they can't link you to the other crime.
Understand?
The car's one thing.
The jeweler's. another.
That's another file. case and report.
-Got it?
-Yes.
If you said nothing.
they don't have anything on anyone.
OK.
I'll request bail when we get to court.
And money's no problem.
Your buddies are handling it.
So. what now?
Nothing.
You're getting out very soon.
So. take it easy and stay out of trouble.
-Alright?
-OK.
C'mon. Get in. bro.
Look. kid.
The boys and I got you… a present. OK?
Put it on. please.
Shit. don't fuck with me.
I just got out. I don't want any trouble.
Hear that. Pintas?
He doesn't want trouble.
Sure. no trouble. Please!
What's he sayin'?
No fucking idea. but it smells like
someone needs a diaper change.
He stinks like shit.
but we'll fix that in a sec.
Put the fucking thing on him!
-Cut the shit. alright?
-Hey. god damn it--
What the fuck are you doing?
Chill the fuck out. Angelito.
-Kiddo!
-Son of a bitch.
-You got your ID. right?
-Yeah. I do!
We're going on a trip. kiddo!
Fuck yeah!
From the jeweler's.
We made a killing.
In two days. if you've got
even one bill left. I'm burning it.
You got me?
What are you doing. Angelito?
No way. man. Absolutely not.
No. Get over there. man.
-Move it.
-Son of a bitch…
We're here to have fun. bro.
What are you doing?
You don't remember me. do you?
-Sole. from grade school.
-Sole?
Soledad Manchado.
Holy shit! Manchado!
Damn. that's right.
It took me a while too. eh?
You were such a runt back then…
You look completely different.
Fuck. so do you.
There's no cover. right?
I didn't know you worked here.
-Sometimes. when they call me.
-Right.
What about the salon?
They close at night. didn't you know?
What's the problem? Are you mad at me?
-No. not at you. Why?
-I don't know.
You told me I had to choose.
Yeah. and it looks like you made
a great fucking choice. man.
Right.
What about you?
What about me?
I found out you broke up with Poli.
Your boy's nuts. man.
He's fucking convinced I have
to be with him. I don't.
Did he do anything to you?
No… He didn't do anything to me.
if that's what you're thinking.
-If I find out--
-If you find out… Yeah. sure.
-Look. your boys.
-Yeah. I see 'em.
So. get outta here.
No. I'm good.
What's up. Nando?
-What's up. girl?
-How are you?
Yo. snap out of it!
The phones won't get in
the car by themselves. Fuck.
-See you.
-Dude!
Man. you're really busting my balls.
Alright…
Three hundred of these. right?
Three-fifty.
Are you sure?
I counted 300.
Julio.
Julito. do me a favor.
Count these phones again. the white ones.
Let's say there are 350. like you say.
There are 350.
This is what I can give you.
Get the fuck outta here. Marcelo.
What is this shit?
Alright. Polito…
Look.
See all those boxes up there?
More phones.
And you know what the deal is?
Next month. new ones come out
with new bullshit.
And these will be worthless.
Nobody will buy them.
You know what I mean?
Marcelo!
Give me a second.
Who's that?
Rogelio. bro.
He runs all this.
This. a scrapyard.
a car inspection garage.
even a whorehouse.
and who knows what else.
Here he's the fucking boss.
What is it?
You know her?
Grade school.
That's his daughter. dumbass.
Did you fuck her?
Should we talk to him?
Don't you dare.
Ángel.
Fucking Ángel…
Who's this?
Good afternoon.
Don Rogelio. right?
-Ángel.
-Pleasure to meet you.
Likewise.
He sure gave you a look and didn't like
your thing with his daughter one bit.
We should just gradually move
them. ourselves.
No way. bro. People are up to their necks
in phones. you heard him.
Then we take them somewhere else.
We can't. OK?
You don't fuck with this guy.
He's the buyer. Period.
What if he isn't?
That motherfucker has contacts.
He's got eyes everywhere.
Feds. cops… Mess with this guy
and they'll be on you
all fucking day. You get me?
C'mon. cheer the fuck up.
We'll score big tonight.
I can't tonight.
Hello!
What's up. big guy?
Here.
Give him this. he loves it.
Isn't that good. Chico?
You're so handsome!
It's amazing he's letting you pet him.
Greyhounds are real cold.
That means he likes you.
What do you think. Chico?
This pretty girl came to see you.
I don't believe it. man.
What?
You're going to prison again.
Well. tell that to the judge tomorrow.
Let's see if he listens to you.
Make that good boy face.
and maybe he'll let you off.
What good boy face?
The one you made
a moment ago with Chico.
Make that face.
and they'll forget everything.
Won't they?
Would you come to fuck me?
To prison?
I think you gotta be married for that.
Are you always this romantic
after the first time?
Just a second.
Hey. Ángel. I'm at the market.
What do we do?
-You're there?
-Yeah. but he wants 1000 more.
Motherfucker.
So. what now. bro? Should I go ahead?
What do you think?
OK. I'll call you later.
That's it.
Give it a fucking rest.
I'm not doin' anything. bro.
You're not?
You're basically laughing in their faces.
I'm tempted. that's for sure.
What is it?
Ángel.
The report on the prints in the car
that we asked for is gone.
It's gone?
-They didn't do it?
-The car's gone.
It's not at the lot.
So. what now?
What do you think?
I don't know.
But if there's no car…
No car. no case.
The prosecutor dropped the case.
You're free. bro!
Ángel.
listen.
They don't like
these games one damn bit. OK?
Next time. they'll come for you.
Be careful.
Yeah!
Tomorrow morning they're coming
for at least half. It has to be tonight.
And the keys?
-Inside the safe.
-You're shitting me.
I'm taking a big fucking risk.
Move it!
Come on!
Move it. Get in your cars.
Estrella!
Come down!
Cut it out. asshole!
-Estrella!
-What?
Come down!
Girl. get down there.
So the rest of us can sleep!
Fuck me!
What's going on?
Are you crazy or what?
-Get the fuck down here!
-Yeah. go down. girl!
-Fuck off.
-C'mon.
What's wrong with you. man?
-I wanted to see you. girl.
-OK. I wanted to see you. too.
But that's what the fucking phone's for.
-About time! Get out of here!
-Go on already!
Go on. bitch!
Luisito. shut your mouth!
Mind your own business.
I didn't know your apartment.
You want to be
the big shot in the hood. or what?
Come on. Get in.
I'm not getting in. you dick.
Say you're sorry.
Sorry.
What's this?
A lotus flower.
It's cool.
It grows in garbage. in pond scum.
But it never gets dirty. man.
I'm going to tell Poli
that we're together.
As of tonight. I'm going solo.
Just saying that will get him real pissed.
Well. fuck Poli.
Don't get cocky…
I don't want anything to happen to you.
I'll be fine.
I promise.
Angelito.
What's going on?
Where are the fucking cars?
Rogelio found out.
He thought it was me.
Are you going solo?
What the fuck is going on?
I got a tip on the place.
Who'd you go with?
You took my people without telling me?
Your people?
It's every man for himself.
Every man for himself?
Remind me the next time
I have to pay Mercedes to get you
out of the can. OK. big man?
Or did you forget about that?
You put me in there.
Did you forget about that?
I put you in there
and got you into the game.
I taught you everything. smartass.
Well.
we can keep working together.
If something comes up.
Go fuck yourself.
Is this what you want. Angelito?
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
That's just fucking great. kid.
Fucking great.
I'd be careful if I were you.
Remember what I told you.
Pissing off Rogelio is a bad idea.
And he fucking hates people going solo.
-Police!
-Clear!
Clear!
Fucking Rogelio!
You see how that fucker snitched on us?
They went into Nando's place. too.
-What did they take?
-Some watches.
God fucking damn it! I told him. man.
If he wants something. he's gotta buy it.
This is ridiculous.
We can't work like this.
-We gotta suck it up.
-"Suck it up"? Fuck that!
Let's bust that fucker's head in!
We can't. Gitano! OK? He's untouchable.
"Untouchable"? Fuck that!
Let's burn down
that asshole's warehouse and scrapyard!
I'm telling you. we can't.
That order didn't come
from some local cop.
It came from higher up.
from the brass.
God damn it!
That prick Rogelio's got a nice setup.
What the fuck is going on here?
Three months of surveillance.
and these guys fuck up the operation.
Alright. who authorized the search?
OK. we're fucked.
-Hi.
-Hey.
Come in.
Mercedes. I need him. OK?
They're two fucking watches.
Can't you just say
they're not from the jeweler's?
Ángel. they're worth over 3000 euros. OK?
They're registered and numbered.
They know they're from that store.
Can't you say
the search was illegal. or some shit?
I'm sorry.
but they've got him by the balls.
You don't know anyone
at the courthouse you can talk to?
No. Ángel. Everything's legit over there.
I do this for a living. OK?
Ángel?
Are you gonna convince her
by beating the shit out of her. too?
Don't bust my balls!
Why? 'Cause you taught me everything?
I did everything but blow you.
you piece of shit!
You think I'm gonna stop?
Wanna bet on it. asshole?
Freeze!
I said. "freeze"!
Let's go! Out!
Where is he?
He left. Five minutes ago.
Have you lost your head?
He'll lose his head
if he so much as touches her.
What are you. a couple of kids?
You're really going to throw it all away?
For a girl? Come the fuck on. Ángel.
We're talking. Where are you going?
I gotta sort some shit out. Mercedes.
Get off my fucking back!
-Angel.
-Alright. Mercedes!
Just tell that piece of shit
to leave me alone. OK?
To stay out of my fucking way!
Jesus!
Hey!
Fancy seeing you here.
I need a favor.
-Good evening. Don Rogelio.
-Good evening. Manolo.
…and we're trying to get into
the whole trading thing.
We didn't know if you
were coming. so we started.
It's fine. I grabbed a bite.
This is a friend of Sole's.
Ángel. wasn't it?
You know each other?
A little.
"Rogelio. maybe you can help us
with this stuff we swiped."
"Rogelio. how much would you pay
for this cologne?"
And Rogelio takes the cologne.
He takes it all.
Even if it doesn't suit him.
Even if he's up to
his ears in fucking cologne.
Or athletic wear. or whatever.
Why?
You have to be there for people.
That's the deal.
You scratch my back… Right?
-Right. but Rogelio--
-But…
Suddenly. something big comes along.
Something good.
Something fucking great.
And Rogelio's no use anymore.
"It's worth a shot.
Maybe our take will be bigger."
And that's not OK.
Because in this life. Ángel.
as my father used to say.
"You have to be grateful."
"But. most importantly.
do not be a son of a bitch.
Don Rogelio.
I haven't sold the cars to anyone.
Perfect. bring them to me
and it's sorted out.
I need them.
Seven fancy fucking cars?
Are you starting a rally?
That's why I came.
To talk about what we're going to do.
Oh. now you're telling me
what we're going to do?
No.
You'll tell me.
I'm done going out every night
to see what we can score.
How much do warehouses cost?
Or storing stuff you can't sell?
-Or security?
-That's my problem.
Well. mine. too.
If. from now on. I bring you
exactly what you ask me to get.
-Whatever I tell you?
-That's right.
You tell me what they want.
and I'll bring it to you…
By the time you get it. it's already sold.
Deliver. get paid. done.
That simple.
Cheers.
Don't panic.
The security door! I'm calling the police!
Go for it!
Hands up. bro! Get back!
What are they doing?
Right now! Hurry!
-Everybody up!
-Up! Against the wall!
-The keys!
-Get against the fucking wall!
The fucking keys!
Don't you move a fucking muscle!
I'll blow your head off!
Stay right there!
The keys!
Hurry the fuck up!
Let's go!
-One minute!
-Keep it up!
-Go!
-C'mon. shit.
Fuck! What the hell is going on?
Let's go! Move it!
I told you
to get against the fucking wall!
Let's go.
Let's go!
Get out of the fucking way!
The hard drives!
Don't fucking move!
Let's go! Outside!
Christ! These kids are killin' me.
Did you see that?
-Do you see that?
-These kids!
HAVEN'T SEEN HIDE NOR HAIR OF YOU
Holy shit! My Lord!
I GOT IT CUT
Now. that's an entrance!
HAHAHA
Hold on. Rewind.
Thirty seconds!
What?
Yo. what the hell are you putting
in your pocket. bro?
Can't you see. Motor?
A ring for my girl. A little ring.
I'm giving it to her tonight.
We said. "no taking stuff."
No taking stuff!
If you want something.
buy it at a fucking store.
Are you broke now?
Oh. I got money. more than you.
But if I want to take something
for my girl. I will.
You know I'm still facing charges
for that shit. but you go and do it again.
Look. I'm not the only asshole
who's done it. What's his deal--
Shut your mouth. man!
Listen. You know what's gonna happen now?
-Alright. Motor. What?
-Don't you know?
Bro. don't you know that those rings
have serial numbers that can be searched?
Who cares about a search?
She and I don't live together.
so they can't link us.
Do you think the cops are stupid?
How do you think they catch people?
People like you. man?
How much time have you done?
People like me…
-Enough!
-Fuck you and your family!
Calm the fuck down!
-Calm down!
-Bring it.
And you're a dumbass. OK?
Leave the ring before you go. got it?
-Got it?
-Yeah.
There we go.
All this over a fucking ring?
I'm the bad guy?
Really. over some shitty ring?
-That's enough. "shitty ring."
-Jesus fucking Christ.
SUP CUTIE?
WANNA CHILL?
COME BY TODAY
Tomorrow's my sister's First Communion.
So. yeah… you should come. OK?
My dad invited you.
Your dad wants me to go?
Well. I want you to go.
There it is!
But my dad said "yes"
since he's a big fan of yours.
I mean. he better fuckin' be.
With all the cash I'm bringing in.
what can he say?
-My cousins say you're a hunk.
-I hope they don't come on to me.
I'd rip out their eyelashes.
Who's that with your dad?
He's a cop.
A cop? He doesn't look familiar.
Of course. 'cause he's brass.
from Canillas. He doesn't work the street.
Right.
-I'm gonna see my sister. OK?
-OK.
See you in a bit.
-Hello?
-Mercedes.
I just found out they busted Poli.
Ángel. I said I wouldn't discuss
that with you. OK?
Right.
But has he called you or not?
I can't get him out
because he can't make bail.
Happy now?
-Now he can.
-What?
You heard me. now he can.
I'll give you the money. OK?
But say it's from you.
you're spotting him.
Keep me out of it.
Ángel. don't. Got it?
OK. Mercedes. Love you. too
-Ángel.
-Bye. sweetheart.
-How are you. Ángel?
-Don Rogelio. thank you for inviting me.
Hey. happy to.
Listen up. This is important.
Do you still have that lawyer?
-Mercedes?
-Yeah. her.
Well… if you could change lawyers.
that'd be fucking fantastic.
You know what I mean?
Or at least don't call her
about this stuff. if you catch my drift.
Her phone's tapped?
Someone at the court says she was paid off
or something like that.
-This stays here.
-OK.
Look.
That's how I always want to see her.
with that smile on her face.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Don't screw that up. OK. Angelito?
Please. I'm asking nicely.
I don't want to see her cry.
WE'RE GOING ON A TRIP
WHERE TO?
IT'S A SURPRISE
What are you doing?
I fucking hate surprises.
You'll like this one.
What is it?
You've been weird all day. Tell me.
Who? Me?
It's like you want to tell me something.
You're sick of me.
No way. I can't get sick of you.
So?
What's wrong?
There's a girl.
Are you fucking her?
I'm going to marry her.
You brought me all this way
to tell me that?
-Is she pregnant?
-No. of course not.
So… you want to marry her.
I'm fucked.
Really fucked.
I don't know how the hell I got here.
No fucking idea…
But. right now. there's no turning back.
-Are they threatening you?
-No. that's not it.
No one's threatening me. There's no need.
I've been on her father's bad side.
and it can't happen again.
Her father?
He's really connected… OK?
People that can instantly ruin your life.
But if they're on your side…
Do you get it?
No. I don't get it.
It's not that hard.
"It's not that hard"?
Are you scared of 'em? Do you need 'em?
It could take years to get to
where I want without his help.
-Where do you want to get to?
-The top.
As high as I can.
Sky-high. right?
Sky-high.
You son of a bitch.
Fine! What do you want me to do?
Understand.
And apart from that?
You want to keep fucking me.
That's it.
Is that it?
You son of a bitch!
Fucking son of a bitch!
What are you looking at. skank?
What's that. bitch?
Asshole! Motherfucker!
Estrella!
No.
All this fancy bullshit.
just to tell me that. right?
Fucking listen to me.
"Listen to me" my ass!
What?
Open up!
Estrella. please.
Sure. like I'm gonna listen
to some fucking piece of shit.
Oh. please!
Please.
Fuck!
It does all the clubs on the island.
one after the other.
Are you telling me that's two mill?
Two mill?
After a good weekend? Ten.
How long does it take this heap
to get to Valencia?
Five hours.
We've got five hours for the whole thing.
-In the middle of the sea?
-Like Sandokan. bro.
What's up. dude?
Listen. man.
I got something cool this week.
and maybe you could help me out.
I can't. man. I'm not in Madrid.
-You're shittin' me. man.
-I'm in Ibiza.
I'm working. I can't go.
Are you with that asshole?
I'll work with any asshole. Poli…
You're always the same. bro.
-Work's work.
-What is it?
You stealing jewels from some old lady?
What old lady?
Just watch the news tomorrow. You'll see.
It'll blow your mind.
Excuse me. you can't stay here.
You have to be on the deck for the trip.
Now we wait. At some point.
they'll have to make a move.
Angelito. we've got two of them.
one on each side.
And there'll be more. but don't sweat it.
"Don't sweat it"?
I don't see it working.
No way. Not on this ship.
with them here as well.
Don't worry. OK?
We stick to the plan.
OK. Maybe this will
cough up something. It's dry.
It won't give you shit.
It's cold. man.
DON'T THROw TRASH IN THE SEA
Fernando. he's headed for the stern.
Are those the cameras for the hold?
Yes.
I got something.
-What?
-Some hippie is talking to him.
Two hundred bucks for the backpack.
Three hundred.
Fine.
He's giving him a backpack.
Fucking hell.
What about the other guy?
He's in the gift shop.
He took the bag and left.
Follow him.
Let's bust them already.
Nobody moves. Calm down.
Bust him for what? Taking a backpack?
All this shit for some fucking watches…
No. that can't be it.
Come up to the bridge.
See? They're both there.
The car's gone.
What do you mean?
Our car was parked there. Now it's gone.
Sit down. Eject the camera's hard drive.
Son of a bitch!
Stay right there!
Let's go!
To the hold!
Tell the others to grab Ángel!
Son of a bitch!
The car's coming. Tell me
when it gets here. I'll bring it over.
Did the security guy recognize anyone?
He says he was paid ten grand
to play last week's tape.
but it wasn't these guys.
His description doesn't match anyone.
OK. see if you can get anything
out of the other one.
I warned you.
You could've gone straight.
but you didn't fucking listen.
-I must be an idiot.
-Exactly.
You're a fucking idiot.
Another thieving lunatic
that goes around making messes.
But do you know the worst part. Angelito?
You think you're smarter
than everyone else. and… you're not.
Isn't it a pain in the ass. Duque?
What?
Sitting there all fucking day.
watching these lunatics live large.
drive fancy cars and buy houses
that you can only dream about.
But still. what you do is noble
because now and then
your master comes by.
pats you on the back
and says. "Great job. Duque."
"You're taking great fucking care
of our estate. you're hot shit."
Don't change a thing.
In the meantime.
we'll fuck like rabbits.
drink like fish.
and laugh our asses off
in your fucking face.
Go on. take this clown away
before I punch his lights out.
Please. Mercedes.
Take down this number or remember it.
OK? Then call Estrella
and tell her what happened.
They're being really strict
about calls this time.
I spoke to her.
She's not interested.
-She called you?
-No.
I called her.
I didn't know where
you were and I had to find you.
-I'm an asshole.
-Yeah.
I agree.
You have to tell her to come see me.
I have to talk to her. I need to fix this.
Ángel. she asked me
to make it crystal clear that she's done.
Were those her words
or what it seemed like to you?
"Tell him to let me live my life
and to fuck off."
End quote.
That's what she said.
Right.
You have to think about yourself.
You're really fucked.
I'm telling you. seriously.
Fucked how? They've got nothing on us.
Can't a guy go to Valencia?
They're furious. OK?
You really pissed them off.
And. for now. the judge
has admitted the evidence.
But. I mean. I don't think
this will go anywhere.
There's something way bigger.
Gitano called.
It went wrong.
C'mon. Gitano.
-You've been in there an hour.
-Coming.
Nobody move!
Hey. bro! Easy!
God fucking damn it!
Freeze!
Relax. Shit. Relax!
Did you see the car?
We didn't see a thing.
They left us there tied up.
It was hours before we could move.
They knew about the house
or tailed you from the cove.
Nobody followed us. We're not that stupid.
And we drove all around
before we went in.
Fucking think. then.
When we were setting it up.
they must've spotted us.
For sure. They must've been
watching us. those fuckers.
Then wherever we went…
They went. too.
The port cameras.
We've got the hard drives.
There we are.
That fucking asshole!
Son of a bitch!
Fuck you and your fucking family!
Mercedes.
You have to find Poli.
We can't find him anywhere. He's hiding.
Talk to him.
OK? Tell him we'll work it out.
We'll split the money.
Ángel. I can't.
You're both my clients.
Yeah. Mercedes. Fine.
we're both your clients. OK.
Either we do it my way or I'll end him.
Got it?
Ángel. you shouldn't talk like that.
especially not in here.
I'm getting out of here soon.
And I'm getting married. OK?
I don't want bad blood.
But if the motherfucker wants war.
he'll get it.
I'll give him so much fucking war.
he'll be pissing and shitting it.
Do you get what I'm saying?
-Call me with the results.
-OK.
Poli's mixed up in the ferry thing.
He's still in Ibiza.
Mateo just told me. He has a tap on
the lawyer for something else.
-No shit.
-Yeah.
Start the operation.
Hold on.
Why the long face?
Work stuff.
I don't even get a break
on my wedding day.
Not today. Ángel. please.
I won't be long.
I have to sort something out.
I promise.
Stop the car.
I'm sorry. OK?
I love you.
What's going on. Ángel?
I needed to see you.
-On your wedding day?
-I'm an asshole. I fucked up.
-No…
-Estrella. please.
I can't stop thinking about you.
-Let's just fucking leave.
-No.
-Let's go. you and me.
-No!
-Shut up!
-Estrella.
-I need you.
-You need me?
-Yes.
What about her dad?
Fuck him.
Now you're not scared of her dad?
Fuck it. Let them look for us.
-Fuck it?
-Fuck it--
No. You say that now. But later.
whenever you feel like it.
you'll remember the reasons and--
She's calling you. Can't you see?
And you're giving me
this spoiled brat bullshit!
-If it's bullshit. why are you here?
-What--
-Why did you come?
-Don't do this to me.
I fought hard to get this far.
I won't just leave--
-You have to go.
-I can't. Estrella.
-Not without you.
Promise me we'll talk again.
Just promise you'll listen to me. please.
Go.
Promise me we'll see each other again.
Otherwise. I'm not going.
Hello?
Wait. say that again.
Fuck. Ángel. Where the hell were you?
I'm sorry. Really. I'm sorry.
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry…"
God damn it.
They busted Poli. The cops have him.
-It's for the ferry heist.
-And the money?
They can't find it.
They don't know where it is.
What about you? Are you going to Ibiza?
I don't know what the fuck
I'm going to do. Ángel.
You tell me. What do I do?
You asked me to make that call. right?
-Now they've arrested him.
-And?
When did you find out?
-What?
-That my phone was tapped.
You knew. and you didn't say shit.
If you want to imagine shit.
it's not my problem.
You didn't want a deal.
You wanted the cops to do the job for you.
to arrest him.
You're using us all. me worst of all--
No. Mercedes.
I'm not using you. I'm paying you!
So don't bust my balls!
Remember that
because that's what you want. right?
To keep getting paid.
Isn't that right?
Ángel.
What?
Your name came up in that conversation.
They're determined to get you now.
Just so you know.
To the happy couple!
Thanks a lot. Mercedes.
We'll sort it out later this week.
No. don't call me. I'll call you.
Trust me.
You got it.
-Poli!
-Get back!
-Please!
-Let's go.
Please!
-Please…
-Get back!
Please! Fuck!
Come on. move it.
Fuck!
Seven. three. six. three…
You can't hear a thing.
Motherfucker can't keep kicking
for three days.
He must be crispy.
in the sun and with no water.
Open it. I want to see his face.
You motherfuckers!
Eat shit and die. motherfucker!
Die. scumbag!
Your choice.
Get it out.
TWO YEARS LATER
Who's the most beautiful thing
in the world?
Come here. little man.
Here. Take him.
Hey there.
And your dad?
He's probably pissed off.
You know he hates the store stuff.
No. of course.
He's more into whorehouses.
-Ángel.
-I'll talk to him later.
-So glad to see you. Mercedes.
-Angelito.
Thanks for inviting me.
Are you still mad?
We're fine. Ángel.
Otherwise I wouldn't be here.
Great to see you.
Definitely.
This is what you wanted. right?
Legal business. all above board.
You'll need lots more
to get you-know-what into circulation.
-Little by little.
-Yeah.
If you need help. I have
someone who can lend a hand.
Powerful people.
People who move money. launder it.
That'd be fucking great.
Alright… I'll drop you a line Monday?
Yeah. Monday's fine. Give me a second.
What the fuck is going on?
What do you think?
Take it easy.
It's not about you this time.
-You don't have shit on me.
-Oh. no?
Ask your bank manager. Go on.
You can't just open a safe deposit--
-Shut up.
-You can with a warrant like this.
Possession of funds of undeclared origin.
possible laundering… You've got it all.
You've got a lot of
explaining to do. Angelito.
-Ángel. what do we do?
-Nothing. relax. go home.
I'll take care of it. OK?
-I'll see you at the station.
-OK.
Couldn't you have picked another time?
Yes. we could've…
Listen. I need a favor.
Mercedes. this can't happen.
The store's full of press…
I'm on it.
I need to take this. Hey. listen…
Enough with the cameras! Cut that out!
What's up. Angelito?
Long time no see. huh?
Damn. nice tattoo.
I didn't know you were inside.
That's weird.
Your lawyer didn't run and tell you?
Hey.
is it true what they say?
I've got no fucking idea what they say.
The cops.
They say they took all the cash.
And you get locked up… for saving money.
What do you want. Poli?
To talk.
Tell him to go.
and we'll talk all you want.
Wait outside for me.
Can I sit?
You really fucked me. Ángel.
-Well. you robbed me after I…
-After you what?
After you posted bail for me?
It wasn't just that. right?
All those times Mercedes lent me money…
That bitch.
She shouldn't have told you.
Sure.
She was afraid
that I'd come for you
if you were ever locked up.
And was she right?
I'm gonna pay you back.
All of it.
to the last fucking euro.
How?
From my cut.
From a job we'll do together.
What do you say?
Marcos.
These are the guys I told you about.
Limón says you want to talk business.
but there's a problem. bro.
-What's that?
-I don't work with strangers.
And I don't know you at all. So. bye.
Five hundred kilos.
The same ones the cops took from you.
What do you know about that?
What Limón told me.
Someone talked too much.
And the cops kept the blow.
But he also told me something
that got me thinking. Right. man?
I told him the truth.
that the fuckers burn it.
With what it takes to get it here--
It's true. they burn it…
And that fucking sucks.
But they only do it
in three places in Spain.
And until the day comes.
it's kept in warehouses
that are on the down-low.
Like the one in Valencia.
Good evening.
There's a little warehouse at the port.
They keep all the goods there.
The cops guard it. don't they?
No.
A private security company does.
And only on weekdays.
There's nobody on Saturday or Sunday.
Just cameras and alarms.
And we'll take care of that.
-That seems too easy. bro.
-It's not.
But if you've got the right tools.
it can be done.
Oh. my God!
Then you load it in a van
and go. nice and quiet.
Have a good night.
Take it easy.
MAINTENANCE - QUICK SERVICE
Marcos sent you?
Get in.
Gitano's outside. He'll take the car.
He'll handle everything.
I'll do it.
Fuck no. Sole. You did your part.
Gitano's got a record as long as your arm.
Are we sure he wasn't tailed?
If he was.
he would've lost it by now.
I'm not risking it.
Tell me where. I'll take it.
Sole. don't give me shit.
I won't rip her eyes out.
if that's what you think.
I know your spot.
Every time you make up a story.
you disappear for a few days with her.
But that doesn't matter now.
Give me the fucking address
or I get out of the car. and it's over.
Write it down.
Don't put it in the GPS.
He told me you were coming.
The hiding spot?
Over by the dogs.
Come on.
This way.
Ready.
Here comes one…
and the other.
You're very pretty.
Thanks.
He has a photo of you on his phone.
but it doesn't do you justice.
No wonder he's in love with you.
He married you. Sole.
Why do you think that is?
I don't know.
What do you think?
I'd give my life for him.
For him and my son.
And he knows it.
He sure does.
Quite the setup.
ONE YEAR LATER
-Mercedes.
-Álvaro.
-How are you?
-How's it going?
All good.
Thanks for seeing us.
Please. That's what we're here for.
Head on in. and I'll be right with you.
OK. No problem.
Would you like coffee. water?
No. nothing. Thanks.
Ángel. do you want anything?
Nothing. thanks.
They're like ants.
Alright. Ángel.
Let's say… you have funds from "X"
that. for now.
we'll say are hard to justify.
-Agreed?
-Correct.
Good.
And you could divert them
to an offshore account.
Yes. we can make sure
there's absolutely no paper trail.
We set up different companies.
Of course. you wouldn't own them on paper.
And we'd make transfers
to different places.
so there's no trace.
That's basically it.
Your money's safe in Singapore.
the Bahamas. wherever you like.
Minus fees. of course.
There would just be
the financial engineering costs.
Well. it's not cheap. I'm not gonna lie.
So if I want my money.
I have to go to Singapore?
No… Ángel. No.
Tell him about the Chinese.
Yes.
They don't pay taxes. Ángel.
They have so much dirty money.
they don't know what to do with it.
Let's see if I can explain. Look…
They generate… all this capital
every month. undeclared. OK?
They want to take it
from here to their country
without paying any taxes.
So. we tell them.
"Don't transfer
a little bit every month. nice and slow."
"It's a pain in the ass.
and you'll get caught."
"Leave it to me."
"I'll give my clients
as much as they need at any given time."
Then the clients make transfers
from their accounts outside of Spain.
You send an email and that's it.
The money's now in China.
The Chinese give you cash.
That's right. Ángel.
Monthly.
Then I give my client the money
they ask for at any given time.
No taxes. no transfers.
Tell them what you want.
and they deliver it.
Like Telepizza.
-Isn't that great?
-Great?
It's fucking amazing.
Look. there are the Chinese.
We've identified that one.
The first is Zou Xian.
and the second is Hai Zou.
Two money laundering bids.
We're sure something's on for today?
They could be scoping it out again.
No. it's today. We got the intel.
Look who it is!
Who loves Rogelio?
Strong as a bull. growing every day.
That's right.
The punk eats more than his dad.
By the way. did you bring your car?
Yes.
Then follow me.
-Where's Ángel?
-In a park.
Don't trust the dot.
He could've given someone the car.
Confirm visual.
It's him.
I'm looking at him.
He's with his father-in-law.
Who's that guy? The short one.
No one. small potatoes.
A lawyer. He's keeping an eye on things
for the big shots.
Do we know the room yet?
The head of reception said it's 550.
I told you some time ago.
Remember? "Stay away from that bitch."
But no… You think you're
smarter than all of us put together.
But you fucked up.
If you so much as touch her--
You got me wrong. I don't mean her.
I mean the other bitch. the lawyer.
Mercedes?
What the fuck's up with Mercedes?
She just left for Paris.
Clearly. she doesn't want to be
around the next few hours. Why's that?
I don't know. you tell me.
Well. maybe it's related to the call
she made the other day.
They're still tapping her phone
'cause of the court thing.
She's real sloppy.
Talking on the phone about the Chinese.
The hotel
where the exchange is. all of it.
And that's not the worst part.
She has this strange idea
that you're going to rob them.
If anything happens to my daughter
because you fucked up. Ángel.
I swear I'll kill you.
See you. champ.
Don't forget about Grandad. OK?
He's moving. He's moving.
There's no visual.
No visual?
The fifth-floor camera is dead.
It's not working.
Someone to five. now.
Call Sole.
Calling Sole.
NOW
Fuck!
Come on. damn it!
Yeah?
-Sole!
-I can't find the briefcases.
Forget it! Get out!
-What?
-Get the fuck out!
The cops are there!
I got 'em.
No. Sole! Fuck!
Sole!
GO
Fucking hell.
-A woman came out.
-A woman?
With a suitcase.
heading for the elevators.
It's his wife.
She went in the elevator.
and three guys came out.
Arrest them!
Freeze! Police!
Hands against the wall.
Ángel will be here in a minute.
Let's go.
We have to arrest all of them. Now!
Stop! Hold it! Don't move!
You're under arrest!
-We've got him.
-Hands behind your back.
Hands behind your back!
Keep looking.
Anything?
Keep looking. It has to be here.
They found her.
Service elevator. Empty-handed.
You have a son.
What the hell were you thinking?
What do we tell your father?
That you're going to cooperate.
that he tricked you. what?
I want to make a call.
Don't I have the right?
Hello?
Estrella. do you know who this is?
Yes.
OK. listen to me.
We don't have much time.
I'm at a police station.
under arrest. with him.
You need to get two bags
from the Hotel Miguel Ángel.
No. that's not my business.
That's fucking crazy.
Do you want to help Ángel or not?
Not like that.
There has to be another way.
Do you think I'd be talking
to you if there was?
We're fucked if they find that money.
Well. that's not my problem.
They'll put him in prison.
This time for a long time.
What do I have to do?
OK. When you get there.
go into the garage.
They'll have finished searching.
There should be no cops.
There's a storeroom
for the bags people leave behind.
I left a keycard that opens it
in the fire extinguisher case nearby.
OK.
You'll see two briefcases
at the top on the right.
Do I take them to the spot?
Yes. hide them there.
Hey. Estrella.
What?
When he gets out this time
I want you two to leave. OK?
Take the fucking money and disappear.
Sole.
If I do this.
it's not 'cause of that. you know?
Isn't it what he's always wanted?
Since our wedding day.
But.
understand I'm keeping a part of him.
All for me.
The most beautiful part.
which has his eyes.
Before you leave the garage.
destroy your SIM card.
He could find you.
That cop?
My father.
Let's go and never come back
And if we do. it'll be to make it rain
Let's get out of here
I don't want to wait
Heaven is somewhere else
They want my time but I'm all out
I'm gitana. so I got rhythm
Working all day. no rest
I'm in no mood for anyone
I can't get married
Before I die. another skin
Before I die. I'm born again
Before I die. kill me
Before I go. I want a thousand times
And you too. and you too
Before you go. wait for me
Before I die
Before dying
I don't wanna do the right thing
Ain't got time for that shit
You won't hear me whining
Before I die. I want heaven
A hundred percent
A hundred percent. by the way
Before I die
Before dying
Sky-high
And crazy. yeah. and crazy
I'm sick of your games
But I'm still with you
I eat diamonds for breakfast
But I go to bed freezing
If I run. I won't go far
So you can make a break for it
Let's go sky-high
And fall asleep
Oh. yeah
Sky-high
I'm runnin' outta breath
I can't breathe
I'm on the run
They're tryin' to catch me
I'm goin' crazy
Tryin' to find you
Has anybody seen her?
They said she went sky-high
Sky-high
She went sky-high
I can't go
And you'd die for me
Sky-high
They said she went sky-high
I look in the mirror
And I see you
I could never lie to you
'Cause we're the same
I'll always take care of you
Even sky-high
I took you
Sky-high
Money is so sexy
And crazy
Find me on the path
Others trod before me
We don't deserve to hang around
Without knowing what's next
And let me tell you
The sky is my witness
We'll live forever
Sky-high
Talkin' about death in life
Suicidal tendencies. no
No food or drink
If you choose that path. you're crazy
They said she went sky-high
Money is so sexy
She went sky-high
Baby. she went sky-high
Talkin' about death in life
Suicidal tendencies. no
And crazy
Money is so sexy
Subtitle translation by: Lindsay Moxham